Good things happen, you say?
In this way, Huaqing Chamber of Commerce has developed to its current scale.
I will definitely be a handsome governor in the future.
You are my son.
I want to hand the Huaqing Chamber of Commerce into your hands.
You read the joke words, it's too fast,
I have to be anxious, everything has a process,
I'll give you a little more chance now to get started,
Try Qing Shang, this way.
Conscience, what is this?
My hometown was once the guardian of Jiangzhou
We integrated all the assets of the Gao family
I plan to hand them all over at one time
From now on you will be the Kyushu Chamber of Commerce
Person in charge of Jiangzhou area
I still don't know how to do it
Well, your conscience will help you
I'm just a housewife
If it had reached this point earlier
Damn, why do you look at me?
Only the best one comes first
Conscience never protects
Talk about yourself again